chain turned on the most open television
that never
Well the truth is very happy to have a
great friend here with me my dear Luis
how are you doing well but I bring my
Dear
let's start these salads are
fruits a whole different district and what
so let's put water and sugar ok
let's mix perfectly
this is manny anything that's a small glass
is to put the serve there and now what
What am I going to do?
lemon but it is very important that nothing
more let's use
cascarita
green on top of any store
departmental
but this being just the part
green the bitter white part ok and the
Green part is where the
citrus oil
on the cascarita a striped lemon
at home they do not have it
we do this heart is extracting with
a little knife
we started to remove
The white part of the stick was already going
going out look there goes the same and so the
kings exactly what we are removing
little by little claudio I do not have the
special cut knife are smaller
It is precise and accurate good and you
can you do at home ok lady now
will combine blackberries and mangoes in this and
please term to discretion to
description what you want to be
go in quantities nothing more like the
two and two or four and four that you
you want if it's also this time leave it
is a milestone of blue is a milestone of
mora soul lord of the ginger life
crystallized
they say myths about aphrodisiac food not
exists or does not exist
the bad lovers
says totally totally true
so I'm going to tell you that what I
access to aphrodisiac products is
that it is rather in the mind and one of
the contents that they have for example
is the best can have something that can
work somewhere clear that as
that will work better by trespassing
to fill the ink pen in case you have
what to write is that right now it's back to
classes have to make flat balls
little stick
well then crystallized ginger and
fresh ginger crystallized ginger
you can find it in this store and
knows oriental products that is
located in north division of london
who serve very badly
but unfortunately there is only
exactly and if not also sometimes what
tongue me too in this super of the
little flowers we are also applying them
finely
Light is let it crystallizes as
crystallized then tends to its fate
We are going to put this delicious ginger
if you do not find what you want crystallized
lady who wants to have him
careful because honestly if yes you
Sour raisins of cake that goes by look
also sign up I love it and if it's
Hard as Luis says because he is hard
because it is to crystallize exactly
Actually, you prefer ginger
hard or watery sincerely
clear crystallized the best
yes clear and everyone says that everything is safe
hard hard hard hard we do not do
drop-down
let's hit the honey that nothing else what
The only thing we did is that a
little bit of sugar
Hielo becomes even better and added
stirring yes I think it's going to do
missing more muff ok more blueberries
now we are going to measure spoonful
spoonfuls another box they also inhabit
greedy the one in camera 3
it's called paris he wants milestone
I found some chocolate eggs and
summit right now they are so expensive they are
preciously made in my kitchen
huevito but net huevitos
There is a need but what need to
how much therefore a problem of 60
weights alone carton so clear is
something already we are ready putting heart
to serve it please ok to serve then
but he adorned that I do not get
I know do not worry here we're not going to
order the rest nothing else we 're going to
present like this ready and you and I are going to
try to see how a finger and we want
see if you need so much more lemon
here is
the most open television chain
that never